[WIP] extend vetKeys docs (#5669)
dfinity/portal: docs/building-apps/network-features/vetkeys/introduction.mdx

A further example with more sophisticated access policies is a secure messaging dapp, where the conversation between two users is encrypted using the pair of identities, to which only those users are given access by the dapp. A secure decentralized social network could let users encrypt posts using a key that is related to the post, e.g., a unique identifier for the post. The SocialFi dapp then ensures that only the author and the users that the post is shared with get access to that key.

### [Blockchain-issued BLS signatures](./advanced/bls-signatures.mdx)

vetKeys can be used as signatures issued by the blockchain. This is especially useful for blockchains that don't have a built-in certification feature enabling dapps to sign statements.

It can also be used to efficiently bridge blockchains, e.g., to swap assets in a DeFi application. A dapp on one blockchain can verify signed statements issued by a second blockchain without having to implement a complete light client of that second chain.

### [Identity-Based Encryption (IBE)](./advanced/identity-based-encryption.mdx)

> IBE facilitates encryption to an identity, where the dapp controls which user has which identity, e.g., each user can get a vetKey - used as an IBE decryption key - for its ICP principal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IBE enables encryption directly to a user’s identity. In this model, the dapp controls identity assignment, for example, associating each user with their ICP principal. Each user can then obtain a `vetKey`, which functions as their IBE decryption key, allowing them to decrypt messages or data encrypted to their identity.
```

> Compared to DKMS, IBE is different. In DKMS, one or more users hold **the same** key, and only the users that know the key can encrypt. IBE, on the other hand, is an asymmetric encryption scheme, meaning that anyone can encrypt messages to any identity, also to other canisters, but only the users knowing the key can decrypt them. IBE is somewhat more advanced than DKMS in the sense that we derive an asymmetric encryption scheme using vetKeys and are not just using vetKeys for symmetric key derivation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Compared to DKMS, IBE works differently. In DKMS, one or more users share **the same** symmetric key, and only those users can encrypt and decrypt data using that key.

In contrast, IBE is an **asymmetric encryption** scheme. Anyone can encrypt messages to a given identity, including other users or canisters, but only the holder of the corresponding decryption key can decrypt them. IBE is more advanced as it builds a full asymmetric encryption system using vetKeys rather than relying solely on symmetric key derivation.
```

The goal of vetKeys is to simplify the use of security and privacy tools on ICP. Encrypting data locally and storing it onchain is straightforward, since the secret key stays on the device. However, challenges arise when a user wants to access that data from another device or share it with someone else, as there’s no easy, privacy-preserving way to transmit secret key material across public channels. vetKeys solve this by enabling secure, on-demand key access without exposing secrets.

- **Verifiable**: vetKeys are [BLS signatures](https://learn.internetcomputer.org/hc/en-us/articles/34209540682644-Subnet-Keys-and-Subnet-Signatures), which allows the user to verify the correctness of their derivation.

- **Encrypted**: Following standard practices in [identity-based encryption (IBE) schemes](/docs/references/vetkeys-overview), the derived vetKeys are securely transported to users in encrypted form. This ensures that neither individual nodes nor the network ever have access to a user’s private vetKeys.

> - **Threshold**: As vetKeys are computed in a distributed manner across ICP nodes, there is no central authority generating vetKeys for users.

Reviewer 2: Not 100% happy, but I'd like to stress that a threshold of parties is necessary for the derivation and to mention that this happens in a subnet.  

```suggestion
- **Threshold**: vetKeys are derived in a distributed manner, requiring a contribution of a threshold of nodes in a subnet. No single ever sees the derived vetKeys, ensuring that no central authority can derive or reconstruct them.
```

> - **Keys**: vetKeys are [BLS signatures](https://learn.internetcomputer.org/hc/en-us/articles/34209540682644-Subnet-Keys-and-Subnet-Signatures), the native signature scheme on ICP, and they are unique, making them well-suited for use as cryptographic decryption keys.

Reviewer 2: I would make it more general, on the line of what I suggested below. An alternative would be to have a sentence before the bullet points, saying something like "vet in VetKeys stands for:", and remove this bullet point. 

```suggestion
- **Keys**: key material that can be used to further derive strong cryptographic keys, such as encryption and signature keys.
```

## vetKD API

> The low-level API of the vetKD protocol that is used to obtain vetKeys and the cost of the calls to that API are described on [this page](/docs/building-apps/network-features/vetkeys/api.mdx).

Reviewer 2: Do we need an explicit pointer to the API page?

Author: no really - removed

> ## vetKeys use cases and applications

Reviewer 2: I think we should keep the high-level description of the advanced use cases in this section. I think it is convenient to have all the main use cases in a single place. We should  keep it simple and not go into the details of the constructions or anything, maybe something high level similar to the blog post.

Author: Done. Mostly copied the use case descriptions from the blog post. Also reverted to flat structure instead of nesting a few things under "Advanced".

The availability of vetKeys allows for a series of applications, including but not limited to those covered in the following sections.

### Distributed key management service (DKMS)

> DKMS is an abstraction on top of vetKeys, designed to simplify obtaining and managing access permissions to vetKeys. It allows users to securely generate, manage, and share cryptographic keys using vetKeys and ICP. These vetKeys can then be used for encryption, decryption, or data signing. Read [here](/docs/building-dapps/network-features/vetkeys/dkms) about how DKMS can be instantiated in your dapp.

Reviewer 2: I would not say that DKMS is an "abstraction on to vetkeys". I would describe what DKMS is and what problem does it solve, and that vetkeys makes realizing a DKMS simple (linking to the tutorial)

Author: Done. Mostly copied the use case descriptions from the blog post.

### Encrypted onchain storage

> Encrypted onchain storage is another abstraction on top of DKMS that enables data encryption using vetKeys in the frontend, storage of the encrypted data, and management of access permissions. 

Reviewer 2: Again, I would not say it is an abstraction. I would say that encrypting and storing things on chain is a core application of vetkeys, and can be built on top of a DMKS to simplify sharing, etc..

Author: Done. Mostly copied the use case descriptions from the blog post.

> Its goal is twofold:

Reviewer 2: Think of this section as trying to explain what is possible with vetkeys, not advertising the example/tutorial or a specific instantiation (we should still link to the example).
